Use your words.
What are you doing?
I haven't done anything wrong.
Use your words.
What is going on?
Who are you?
NLG will get you out.
What's your name?
Tell us your name?
Okay, you're fine.
We'll get you out.
We got you friend.
We got you.
The fuck.
NLG.
You just violated their rights.
Kidnapping people.
Thanks for keeping them fucking noooo
As we begun making arrests,
we have begun analyzing
the data of who we've arrested
and begun actually doing
what you would think
As almost very similar to our COVID.
It's contact tracing.
Who are they associated with?
Who what platforms are they
advocating for?
And we have seen things like white
supremacist organizers, who have
posted things on platforms about
coming to Minnesota.
We are checking to see, do the folks
that we have that we have made
arrests on and that we have
information.
Are they connected to those
platforms?